hey guys what is up it is Sara welcome
to another episode of that creative life
today I am talking about internetting
who doesn't love internetting we are
going to talk about social media and how
do you find inspiration how do you cut
through all the clutter on the interwebs
is 2016 and if you have an idea if you
have a craft you want to learn it most
of the time is just a few Google
searches away which I love
I am so obsessed with the internet I
talk about it every day I feel like to
one of my friends how it has opened up
this insane amount of possibility for
people and if you are not taking
advantage of it now you need to start
the Internet is more than Netflix I love
Netflix you know I talk about Netflix a
lot but it is so much more than that
there are so many tutorials and articles
out there it is just overwhelmingly
awesome I mean I hope I can be a little
part of that and you know providing you
with helpful handles whether it's with
photo video or just life in general but
I guess I'm just letting you know if you
don't already know all the information
that you need to basically succeed in
life as a Google search way as a youtube
search away so just go and do it because
the Internet's awesome you know is a
two-way street yes the information is
out there but it also requires you to
seek it out and not just seek it out but
actually apply it to real facets of your
life if you are some type of artist some
type of business man or a woman that
probably means that you need a website
if you are a programmer and a coder that
is so awesome you are always gonna have
a job in life program your little heart
out
but don't be intimidated by the coding
side of websites because honestly you
really don't need to know it for basic
websites today there are so many options
out there like Squarespace like tumblr
like WordPress and you can disguise your
tumblr blog or your WordPress blog or
anything with just
URL that you buy from GoDaddy or stuff
you can redirect that URL to that blog
or whatever so what are you talking
about sir my website is tumbler based
and so the unique URL when you sign it
for tumblr it was Sarah DG tumblr com
I didn't like that tumblr in it so I
just went and bought a URL from go
daddy.com I bought Sarah D chicom and
then I redirected sireesha com
- Sarah T to tumblr comm so every time
someone types in Suresh comm they were
brought to Sarah Nietzsche tumblr com
so there is a mini internet lesson
moving on to social media who does not
love social media I love social media I
love all the Internet's I mean really
the Internet is basically social media
nowadays I am on all the things I am on
the Twitter's and the instagrams and
they YouTube obviously and the snapchats
and the tumblers and
everything in today's day and age if you
want to build an audience if you want
some type of job in the social media
creative realm it is important to have
good online aesthetics recently this
year when a youtuber Instagram or famous
model chick quit all of the social
medias because she said it was fake it
was like not fulfilling it was Wawa it
made headlines everywhere people started
shaming social media people started
saying you know the fakeness of it all
and it kind of bothered me yes there is
a lot of stuff on social media that may
be fake it may not be what you know you
want in your life but the cool thing
with social media is you can choose what
you want to follow you can choose what
you want to pursue and I really think
people who get all caught up in new
social media and they base all of their
meaning and how many likes their selfie
gets of course they're gonna be screwed
up you can't base your happiness on a
follower account but social media can be
a super powerful tool
so yes shame social media all you want
but it really is what you want it to be
I have made so many cool internet
friends over the past year I've been
able to collaborate with some really
cool artists that I just you know met
via online and I have been able to
develop this cool relationship with you
guys I love talking to you guys in the
comments I love answering questions I
love that I can pass on the information
that people have poured into me I can
pass it on to you
social media is an insanely powerful
tool do not base your happiness on it
but learn how to use it learn how to be
inspired from people from it and if
you're sick of the model check
continuously advertising that one
company's lipstick then unfollow her or
appreciate the fact that she is making a
living doing what she loves just an idea
so how do you internet to your fullest
capabilities how do you find inspiration
how do you find motivation how do you
find the tools you need to succeed I
think you're off to a good start you're
watching my video and hopefully I can
offer you some different people to
follow some different things to reach
out to to gain some inspiration and
knowledge you have internet a lot you
have to sift through all the bullcrap
that is out there and really seek out
people who are being helpful my favorite
two people online right now are casey
neistat mehta and gary vaynerchuk's
a lot of you guys probably know who
casey neistat is he is an insanely
talented filmmaker and creative genius
Gary Vaynerchuk is more on the business
side of things but he pumps out content
like no other
he writes blog post he posts daily vlogs
he does a askgaryvee show where he
answers your questions he is a CEO he is
a investor he is a crazy business dude
and he is brilliant at social media if
you are a entrepreneur of any kind of
follow Gary Vaynerchuk
stuff he pumps out so much valuable
content it just it makes my brain
explode this might be a really weird
statement but if Casey Neistat and Gary
Vaynerchuk had like a kid I want to be
that human obviously I want to be the
best Sarah deechi I can be but I want to
be social media savvy business creative
video filmmaker type and those are
really my two favorite internet people
who offer a lot of inspiration for me in
my life and I'm also going to link up a
lot of different blogs instagramers
entrepreneur type people youtubers
filmmakers artists in general I will
link all of the people that are really
inspiring me right now I really are
pumping out a lot of good knowledge on
the Internet I will link that all it
down below in the description so maybe
you can have like a fresh jump start on
this whole internetting thing but
anyways I guess I just wanted to make a
video cuz I love the Internet and I want
you to be able to use it to its fullest
capability so let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below I am going to be putting out
a really fun video in two weeks and then
the week after that is the start of
creative spaces TV which I am so excited
for so yeah new videos every still
Tuesday I hope you guys have a great day
go Internet to your hearts out but then
also go outside sometimes because you
know I will see you in next week's video
bye